Update from json_feeds: https://galaxyproject.org/news/25-05-20-berd-wf/ (#308)
usegalaxy-eu/galaxy-social: posts/json_bot/galaxy_news/25-05-20-berd-wf-eu.md

---
media:
- matrix-eu-announce
- mastodon-eu-freiburg
mentions:
  mastodon-eu-freiburg:
  - galaxyproject@mstdn.science
hashtags:
  mastodon-eu-freiburg:
  - UseGalaxy
  - GalaxyProject
  - EOSC
  - UniFreiburg
---

> Find out how to research your Data from the BERD Data Portal directly in Galaxy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find out how to explore your Data from the NFDI BERD Data Portal directly in Galaxy
```

> Find out how to research your Data from the BERD Data Portal directly in Galaxy

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Find out how to research your Data from the BERD Data Portal directly in Galaxy
https://galaxyproject.org/news/25-05-20-berd-wf/
```

---
media:
- matrix-eu-announce
- mastodon-eu-freiburg
mentions:
  mastodon-eu-freiburg:
  - galaxyproject@mstdn.science
hashtags:
  mastodon-eu-freiburg:
  - UseGalaxy
  - GalaxyProject
  - EOSC
  - NFDI
  - UniFreiburg
---

> Find out how to explore your Data from the NFDI BERD Data Portal directly in Galaxy: https://github.com/galaxyproject/galaxy-hub/pull/3129

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find out how to explore your Data from the NFDI BERD Data Portal directly in Galaxy: https://galaxyproject.org/news/25-05-20-berd-wf/
```
